Welcome to the special edition of
Extension of Family Hour and Return to the
Garden, all mixed together.
And our previous program,
which was on Friday night,
seems like that was about a year ago,
went on for some time about what was
being stated in Yasha'yah, Isaiah,
fifty six and fifty seven,
knowing that in the fifty seventh chapter,
we're going to have absolute affirmation
that the Shabuwah,
uh harvest is of souls and that uh
a number of people are going to disappear
from the earth at that time and no
one's going to be able to know their
their whereabouts and so it's a
fascinating uh affirmation of that harvest
but it's what is said before it and
after it that is so important to our
overall education that I did want to start
at the beginning with the fifty-six
chapter of yeshiva and I think we've made
it to the fourth verse
at the end of our program last night,
or on Friday night.
But on this program,
we are going to take a bit of
a detour.
And hello, Kevin.
Good to see you there,
Captain Kirk and JB.
Always nice to see all of you.
It looks like you're down in my spa,
in my rainbow studio there.
Kevin, you do make it all around, man.
Just a couple of hours ago, if that,
you were in my Facebook blog.
And now you're here in my rainbow studio.
You're a man all about town.
So we're going to start with a song.
It's one of the more recent songs that
Leah has written.
They tell a great story.
This is Dowdi, which means my beloved.
It is also Dowd's name.
So Dowd meaning beloved and Dowdi would
mean my beloved.
And so it is a song that Leah
wrote to her regarding her great love for
our returning king and our savior,
the very son of God and Messiah, David.
Well,
she says that it does it because the
name is based upon a word,
meaning my beloved, that as my wife,
she gets to have a double meaning on
the word.
And evidently I'm included.
So this is a brand new song.
I have not had the opportunity to see
it at this point.
So we're going to play it together and
hear it together for the first time.
So this is Dowdi.
Anything else you'd like to say about it,
Ms.
Leah?
Nope, that's it.
Okay, here we go.
Gather round the Miqrah,
here in Yada's call Where Zion's melody
sways and where errant lovers fall The
tree of knowledge points the way To the
notes of truth,
melody of his integrity A place where
night meets day
Steps closer,
put your feet to dance Swaying to the
sun's lustrous light Dancing past the
shadows in the darkened embrace of night
Dogs love sings in my mind
The light, the two made one Oh,
doubt the son of father's gift Your fire
blazes bright Yada as the moon Reflecting
your light We dance seven steps to romance
And her redemption's begun The bloody red
man of Edowm Brings her home by Placing
his blood upon the ground
From darkness to dawn, the dance unfolds.
Seven steps closer to my love.
The Miqrah reveals what the heart beholds.
The tree of knowledge out of points,
the way guides the mind and soul.
Closer to the garden where we were once
loved.
Dow the eternal witness of the dawn.
Seven steps closer,
a dance in the flame A son's embrace,
a zikr round in hand In Yahowah's name,
the man of Edowm Answered the call,
the ransom's won The deed is done
Great lyrics, great song, great visuals.
Hello there, Dr. Jeff.
I love the wedding dress, not on you,
but at the conclusion of the song,
a wedding dress made out of stars that
looks appropriate for our king.
There are maybe
things to explain in that song so I
think what we'll do is later this week
we'll play the song again and I'll take
some notes so I can highlight everything
that we ought to be paying attention to
I'll introduce it with those thoughts let
it play and let people process what it's
going on and and and the like but
there are things in it that I'm
are really powerful.
You see the eclipses, you see the sun,
you see the moon.
In Bare’syth Genesis one,
the opening chapter of the Torah,
God introduces the relationship that the
two of us have, Dowd and myself.
He is the greater luminary of the fourth
day of creation,
and there is a lesser luminary that
collectively they serve as the signs for
the Mowedym,
which are these restoring witnesses to the
eternal testimony that represent Pesach,
Matsah, Bikuwrym, Shabuwah, Yada.
Kipurym and Sukah.
And those seven feasts of Yahowah,
the seven annual meetings where we get to
spend time with our God,
we're invited to approach his company.
The first three were fulfilled by Dowd,
which makes him the...
luminary,
and it's the lesser luminary's
responsibility to reflect that brilliance
of what he has done.
And then the next two are fulfilled by
the lesser luminary.
They'd be Shabuwah and Yada.
They're both harvests.
And then Dowd returns with Yahowah on
Kipurym.
And he is king of forevermore during
Sukah.
So the seven steps that she speaks of
throughout that song,
that happens to be the seven Miqraey Miqrah,
what these two men represent and fulfill.
And the Zikkaron that is mentioned,
that's all things pertaining to the most
memorable of men.
And that's the way God is.
presents these fellows.
It's also a reference to trees in the
presentation.
Dowd is the tree of lives as presented
in Bare’syth Genesis two,
and Mi-dowd is the tree of knowledge.
And these themes run throughout the story.
She also showed the three animals and they
are also essential to God's story.
Dowd is the ram
He is the Passover lamb.
He is the leader of the flock of
Yisrael.
And he is supported by a goat and
a bull.
And the goat and the bull come together,
particularly in the last days,
to make it possible for us to celebrate
the return of our king.
So that's the short version of it.
I probably missed about ninety percent.
What did I miss, Kevin,
that's still in there?
Oh, goodness.
You got the bull and the ram and
the goat.
I don't know.
I mean,
I was just thinking that we needed less
baby turtles and more dancing girls,
but that's not necessarily germane to the
conversation.
Now, I was actually fond of the turtles.
I live here on a beach and we
have the leather-back turtles that come up
on our local beach just a couple hundred
yards, if that, from here.
This is a really important nesting beach
that we sit right above.
And so I'm really fond of them.
of the turtles going back into sea.
But I've never been against dancing girls
either.
And I particularly love that.
Leah was a fashion stylist in her prior
life, had her own fashion line.
Femme Fa-tale was her clothing line.
And so being able to make the wedding
gown for Dowd's bride is something that
she'll insist on doing.
And if you can make one out of
stars, which is what she did in that,
I think you probably deserve the job,
don't you think?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Beautiful presentation all the way,
all the way through.
What I don't know is what horses have
to do with Israel or don't.
But I'm sure that if we asked Israel
or asked Leah,
she would tell us that horses were
invented by Jews.
Because my wife for years always
introduced herself.
Hello, I'm Jewish.
My name is Leah.
And no matter what we're eating or
enjoying, she will always ask, you know,
the so-and-sos didn't invent that.
And of course they did.
It was invented by Jews.
And she said, that's right.
So I've learned to give the right answer.
Sounds Jewish.
That must be Jewish, right?
Yeah.
So you've had four days without any
treatments there, Captain Kirk.
You must be as a fellow.
Oh, man,
you're you're up and going strong, huh?
Coffee in a day is just morning.
I'm glad we talked about you at the
end of our last program.
You're a marvelous exemplar of what it's
like to get up.
No matter what life brings your way,
you still manage to find a smile,
and we can poke fun at you,
and you're the first one to laugh.
Listen,
this is the most fun thing I ever
did in my life,
and I did a lot of cool stuff.
Yeah, that's fine.
I bet you it's been fun since,
I mean,
I even wrote something about it last
night.
Yeah, right from the beginning.
And, you know,
the lucky thing that you have is a
wife that supports you.
Still is, yes, indeed.
Yeah, which makes a huge difference.
As do you, JB.
You're still back in the mountains.
Good to see you.
You got the hair down today,
not normally that way.
You're looking very sharp.
Yeah, it's a relaxing kind of day.
Yeah.
And, Dr. Jeff,
it looks like you are in some...
small room off the er is that correct
that is correct I am uh waiting for
the uh next due to fall off I’m
sitting on about twenty patients uh
several of whom are unstable so I I
will do my best to uh participate but
I may have to run
You know,
given the choice between your
contributions, which are stellar,
you have the most interesting way with
words of any of us.
And we do enjoy your contributions.
But if it is prolonging a life,
I think that works as a good excuse.
I'd count that as a good excuse.
I don't know about Kirk's treatments and
feeling like death.
But saving life,
we're going to give you a pass.
Well, as I like to say,
transiently for me,
but eternally for you by the mission that
you've been assigned.
Yeah,
we do have the protocol here of being
able to deliver eternal life.
It's surprising that there's so few
takers,
but we're going to continue to talk about
it and what Yah has to say about
it because it is free for the taking.
He does have some rules attached to it.
some five rules,
and he has a specific path that you're
going to have to learn about and accept
for it to work out.
But that is indeed what God has in
store for us.
I can even see that we have over
here two co-hosts, the Wookie and Qara.
You can tell Wookie is not pleased that
Cara has got his two-stick.
So we'll...
Even in the same couch,
can he get any further away from her?
Well, you know,
he got scolded this morning because he was
a little rough on his approach to her.
And so he's been pouting ever since.
His male ego was...
was bruised this morning when Leia didn't
like the way that he asserted his
dominance over Kara, who I can assure you,
while cute, can be an enormous pest.
And Kara has a tendency to bite Wookie's
ears.
And after a while, Wookie says, OK, OK,
that's enough.
And she is ravenous,
so she will steal his food.
And she eats like four times what he
eats.
and still she manages to steal his food.
I used to put Wookie's food up so
that he would have to jump up,
whether to put it on a bed or
a couch, and Asher is not very agile.
So long as it's not on the floor,
Asher is not going to steal it.
But if it's on the floor,
Asher will steal anything.
So I put it up,
but this one now is just like Wookie.
She has wings and she flies.
So she eats what's hers,
she eats what's Wookie's.
All right,
so we're going to begin here with
Yashayah, verse fifty six one again.
I just want to read our way back
through the fourth verse.
This is going to be a place where
God's going to describe who he has chosen
to work with,
what time he is talking about,
how he's going to go about enabling the
events of the next seven and a half
years.
and then he will detail his animosity
towards a group of people that he is
particularly miffed about because of an
insider revolt where they have attempted
to dismantle all god has sought to achieve
and I've been doing this for twenty four
years I've never come across anything even
remotely uh as uh
condescending as God is towards them.
So we'll share that because I don't want
anybody lured into this thinking that the
outcome might be favorable,
which is what they're spewing when God's
already made his decision and it's over.
So this is what Yahowah, and I just,
every time I read this,
there's two things I want to say
emphatically.
You will never find anywhere in the
Christian New Testament in the Talmud or
the Quran those words.
This is what Yahowah says is how this
reads.
Never once is there any place in the
Christian New Testament and the Zohar and
the Talmud or in the Quran that line.
This is what Yahowah says.
And if that doesn't exist,
then I can tell you that there is
a zero percent possibility that the writer
is speaking for you.
None.
I have a lot of words written,
you know, written a lot of books.
My books are typically quite long.
And here's the last one's eight hundred
and twenty five pages.
It is everything you could ever want to
know about the last days called at Sarah
last days.
And in this book,
everything I have to say is derived from
the I was testimony.
We begin with the I was testimony.
And then from from there,
we we talk about what God had to
say.
And so you can do that all day
long.
You can convey Yahowah's words accurately
and completely,
share insights that can be derived from
them,
explain to folks why you rendered the
testimony this way,
and explain what that means,
how it applies to their lives.
You're all good to go.
But if you use a but and have
it like the Christian New Testament,
but I Paul say, you're done.
And you'll notice too that when speaking
like this,
this was a contemporaneous arrangement
where God spoke to Yashayah.
He wrote it down while he was speaking.
This is not like the Christian New
Testament or the Talmud.
The Christian New Testament was scribbled
down almost a century after the fact.
And I'm sorry, you're going to get
maybe one word in a hundred accurate after
that much time.
Are they Talmud, which was what, yeah,
almost two thousand years delayed?
Yeah, so this is contemporaneous.
It's a very different approach.
What we're going to be listening to all
the way through now is not Yashayah's
testimony.
A brilliant man.
Probably he had to filter some of this
because that's the way God likes to work.
But these are God's words.
This is Yahowah speaking.
So this is what Yahowah says.
You should choose to be observant,
carefully considering and closely
considering the means to exercise good
judgment and justly resolve disputes,
making good decisions.
Then choose to engage so that you act
upon them.
that which is correct and vindicating,
because my deliverance and resulting
salvation are approaching,
and they are close, imminent,
and personal.
The reason we went back to this is
because it gives God's principle advice,
his instructions, and it sets the timing.
So what he says is it's essential if
you're going to have a relationship with
God that you are, A,
going to know his name,
B, that you're going to be shamar,
observant,
closely examining and carefully
considering all he has to say.
Three, you are going to be judgmental.
And what that means is that you're gonna
think this through and you're gonna
exercise good judgment regarding what God
had to say.
Four, then you're gonna act.
No deadbeats, no entitlements.
You need to respond and make a
contribution.
That is absolutely essential.
Number five,
what you're responding to after you are
observant, after you know Yahowah's name,
after you've exercised good judgment,
and after you have responded,
you're responding to that which is
tsedaqah.
In this case, it's tsedaqah,
which is right, correct, vindicating,
appropriate,
and true verifiable because god says my
deliverance and resulting in salvation
Yashayah 'any are approaching they are close
eminent and personal so god has not done
that yet now
He did work through his beloved son, Dowd,
to deliver Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
which provide eternal life,
perfection of our souls,
and adoption into the covenant family.
But it was through his son that that
was delivered.
Yahowah himself saying,
I'm gonna deliver this result.
That has not occurred yet,
but it will occur within the next seven
and a half years.
And he says it's approaching and it's
imminent and personal.
This also means that guess who isn't
delivering salvation?
Jesus.
So if you're fixated on Jesus,
you have an imaginary savior.
You might as well be counting on the
Easter Bunny and Santa Claus.
Therefore, the Tsadaqah 'any.
the one who is correct about me and
vindicates with me,
will come to pursue the harvest,
will be included and returned,
then remain,
so as to be revealed and made known,
galah.
YasHayah, fifty six one.
This is one of upwards of a thousand
references to this particular role.
It is one of scores of titles that
Yahowah has bequeathed this individual
through whom he has chosen to work at
this time.
Tsadaqah 'any.
So Tsadaqah means, again,
one who is right and who is correct,
who is capable of acquitting and
vindicating when associated with Yahowah.
God is saying he's going to come.
He's going to pursue the harvest.
He's going to be included in that harvest
and he's going to return.
Then he's going to remain.
And he is going to be made known
and revealed at this time.
God says this in every possible way,
beginning early in the Torah and running
all the way through the last of the
prophets.
So.
One of the many,
many prophecies that if you're going to
engage and enjoy a relationship with God,
you need to process.
You need to come to understand,
appreciate, accept.
God does not work alone.
He chooses the people he's going to work
with and he has made his choice and
we are well into this process.
Blessed by the benefits of the
relationship,
joyous and productive by showing the
proper way is this person.
He's a mortal man who acts upon all
of this and engages in this with unfolding
implications over time.
Because this son of man is a lone
individual and he will be exceptionally
firm and resolute in this empowered and
strengthened such that he prevails
restoring through his conviction and
resolve with regard to this.
By closely examining carefully considering
this Shabbat as the promise of seven,
thereby avoiding defiling and profaning it
or making it common.
He is being observant, careful,
attentive and aware.
So his hands,
and especially that which he influences,
will be kept from acting upon or engaging
in anything.
unjust, immoral, or irrational,
troublesome, or distrustful.
Yashayah Isaiah, verse fifty-six,
verse two.
This is a fire hose of information.
Every time we're dealing with Yashayah,
you better have your eyes completely open,
your mind ready to process a lot of
data,
because he's going to give you an enormous
amount of information.
The first word here is essential.
It is Asherah.
It's one of the most important words in
the Hebrew language.
First word I translated,
first word that Dowd spoke as our King
and Messiah.
First word of the first statement of the
first Mizmowr Psalm.
And it defines our mission,
which is to reveal and demonstrate the
steps to walk to get the most out
of life and to reveal the benefits of
this relationship that God is offering.
So God is saying that this individual that
I'm gonna be working with,
who is the correct one,
who I am delivering at this time,
just prior to saving,
providing salvation and deliverance,
that this individual is a mortal man.
So guess who, again, who this cannot be?
It can't be gospel Jesus because they turn
gospel Jesus into a God.
And it says, no,
I want to work through a mortal man.
Now,
men cannot be God and God cannot be
a man.
But God can work through men.
And he does.
And he made that abundantly clear in the
second book of the Torah and in the
fifth book of the Torah.
where when Israel said that we want you
to go away and shut up and we
don't want to hear from you or see
you again, God said, yeah,
no problem with that.
And from that point on,
he communicated through men of his choice.
And that is what he's saying he's going
to do here.
So he is a mortal man.
He is an Enosh.
And this person that he has chosen is
going to act upon and engage in the
means that God's going to use to save
and deliver and to be right.
And it's going to do so with unfolding
consequences over time,
which means he's gonna work at it.
This is not gonna be given to him.
And that's an insight that is also
important for two reasons.
Dead.
The reason that Adam failed in the garden
is he was a deadbeat.
He thought he was entitled and he didn't
make a contribution.
God's trying to prove that humans can
contribute to this relationship and offer
something of value.
And so those that God works through,
he wants to work to show that we
can and will work with him and make
a contribution.
The second reason is that the people that
he is going to scold throughout the fifty
seventh chapter.
have made the claim that you can't speak
for God and ever be wrong.
and you know I've written rewritten some
of these books ten times because along the
way I learned something new and I want
to uh correct what I have uh said
and I'll go back and make a correction
and we'll be wiser for it we'll move
on uh that is what god wants and
he wants us to work at it and
be disciplined at it that was the big
issue with Adam Adam made a mistake and
rather than
learning from the mistake and growing past
it,
admitting that he made a mistake and being
wiser for the experience,
proving that he could be trusted,
he did exactly the opposite.
So God wants it this way,
and he wants it this way also to
prove that the naysayers in this regard
are wrong.
There's a fixation on those who are
religious who do not understand God that
God is looking for perfection.
He is absolutely not looking for
perfection.
If he was looking for perfection,
we'd all be retired.
uh if he was maybe not rich but
the rest of us would be I got
worked too so you look at the people
he chose to work through none of them
were perfect god is entertained by and
finds uh joy in our peculiarities our
unique attributes and attitudes and it's
what makes us special and it is uh
by having made mistakes and then getting
back up and going again we prove
Two things.
One is that we can be trusted.
And second, that we can be interesting.
If God's going to spend eternity with
somebody, he wants them to be interesting.
So that's why all of that is important
to convey, just as God did.
And it says that he is a son
of Adam,
which means he has a conscience in
addition to a consciousness.
He has an assignment in addition to a
nephesh.
And this is the thing that I fight
all the time.
We talked about it in an earlier show
because we do have a number of people
that are very close to me and very
supportive, including my wife,
that use AI and like AI.
And I'm not one of them.
I do not use it.
I do not like it, Sam, I am.
No green eggs and ham for me.
I do not like AI.
I prefer to think it through.
I like thinking.
I find thinking to be enormously
enjoyable.
And so the only way you can
think the things of God is to exercise
your Neshamah, which is a conscience.
That's the very thing that AI does not
have.
AI will never out-think a human with an
active conscience on any issue that's
important to life.
They can process equations much faster
than I.
They can do research much faster than I.
But they can't filter which right,
which wrong,
or come to a conclusion that has any
value.
For example,
there never was a Jesus in the Dowd's,
the Messiah, who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
They're never going to make that discovery
because they are incapable of thinking at
that level.
So by saying that he is a son
of Adam,
it means that he came equipped with a
conscience in addition to consciousness.
And then the next line is God teaching.
I mean, God's a very, very good,
effective teacher.
What he is looking for is Shezak.
And he's reinforcing this because one of
the great splits with this group that he's
going to reprimand,
and he's not reprimanding them as children
that he wants to teach a nice lesson
to so that they can be more effective
going forward and are not so sloppy in
their work.
He's condemning them to hell.
So this is a really,
really nasty reprimand that God is giving.
And they decided that it would be
appropriate to attack Maine.
We're going to spend a lot of time
talking about this,
these ridiculous women, because God...
is leading to the single longest rebuke
found anywhere in the Torah.
It's the most personal, the most focused,
and the most degrading and the longest
rebuke presented anywhere in the Torah and
prophets, and it's specific to this group.
So it's important that you know that they
garnered considerable support over an
issue when I reminded folks that
were headed back to the garden.
And what was the wardrobe in the garden?
Naked.
Yeah, absolutely naked.
You know why naked was the wardrobe in
the garden?
Why not?
Because they were comfortable around God.
Yeah,
they were comfortable being exposed to
God.
And the religious aren't comfortable.
Why do you think the children of Israel
told God, you know, go away.
We don't want to ever see you again,
see or hear from you again.
You scare us to death.
They weren't comfortable being around God.
Why do you think that Dowd,
once he had Owbed-Edowm taking
responsibility for getting the Ark of the
Covenant into Jerusalem and on the Temple
Mount where it belonged,
why do you think that he danced naked?
Yahowah was going to take care of
everything.
Yeah, he was comfortable around Yahowah.
So the nakedness is symbolic with that
idea.
So I was sharing that.
I said, you know,
you need to get to a point that
you're so comfortable around Yahowah that
being exposed to him,
fully exposed to him is not a bother
for you at all.
In fact, it's something you would enjoy.
And you can't get there until you fully
understand the mechanism that Dowd used
with Yahowah on Matsah.
And that is the key ingredient.
We are the first group of people ever
to figure this out.
What happened on Matsah is that Dowd's
soul took our guilt and carrying it into
Sheowl,
which is the equivalent of a black hole,
to deposit it there and never to be
seen again.
So every imperfection that we have.
has been carried away.
Every aspect of our political and
religious guilt in the past is gone.
So we are innocent from God's point of
view.
And if you know that all God can
see in you is the things that you
have done and are doing that are positive,
you're gonna be really comfortable around
it.
I mean, why not?
And so this is the attitude that we
need to have in the comfort level if
we're gonna be,
of any contribution in our return to Eden,
which takes place on Shabuwah in twenty
thirty three.
So it's very important.
So we were emphasizing that.
And one of the now members of the
Well, the We Hate Craig,
and we want to change Yahowah's name so
that he becomes a mother god, cult,
or click, probably the better term,
wanted to have everybody be modest.
So it was her big chance to do
the word of the day.
And she picked a word that was so
important
It appeared once in the entirety of the
Torah prophet,
just because she wanted to prove this
point.
And so it was translated as, well,
God loves those who are modest.
And Leopold says, you think this is right?
Can you check this translation?
Because I think they got it wrong.
Well,
we looked at it and it doesn't say
that at all.
Actually,
Yahowah says that he loves those who are
tightly bound to him.
you know, wrapped up together with him,
enclosed in his arms, if you will.
That's who he is.
He loves those who are wrapped up in
his arms.
And he said, well, then he said, well,
you wanna render it that way?
Well, that's the verbal route.
And that's the only way this word is
correctly rendered.
And well, it says,
what about Yahowah says he chose Moshe
because he was the most humble of men.
But it doesn't say that.
It says that he was anah,
which means he was the most responsive
guy.
To be responsive, I want to tell you,
when you're trying to do work with Yahowah,
you better be Chazaq and not humble.
So come to find out there is no
Hebrew word for humble because Yahowah has
no interest in it.
And what he's interested in is Chazaq.
So they went off and they got some
really girly men and a bunch of women
too.
have a tizzy fit over nakedness and being
exposed to God and choosing not to be
Chazaq, which is a fairly manly man thing.
I would acknowledge that most women don't
wanna be considered tough as nails and
resolute and uncompromising and all of
that sort of thing, firm.
In fact,
it actually goes so far that the first
definition in some lexicons of Chazaq is
fierce.
And most women don't want to be perceived
that way.
So they're really uncomfortable with it.
But God isn't telling a woman she needs
to be that way.
She's telling a man that he needs to
be that way and that he needs to
explain to other men that they need to
be that way too.
And that's what God's looking for is for
somebody who will fight fiercely for
what's true.
And if you're not willing to be Chazaq,
you need to get out of the way.
Because this is what God is looking for.
He wants someone who has conviction,
strength, fortitude, resolve,
that nothing will deter them.
That's why the last of the three animals
that makes a difference in Israel's
overall standing with God is a bull.
Bulls are naturally Chazaq.
The man isn't a bull,
but his personality is defined that way.
And Chazaq is complementary to that
concept.
This is what God wants.
And in this case,
it says that he is Shamar again.
In fact,
this next sentence has Shamar and Shamar.
But what he is doing is he is
aware
that the promise of seven and the Shabbat
is a day to be observant,
a day to closely examine and carefully
consider.
The very first thing that God says,
I want you to be observant.
He recognizes the Shabbat embodies this
opportunity to be observant.
So the Shabbat is not do nothing day.
It's not religious day.
In fact,
to say that he does not want it
to be common.
He does not want it profane.
Chalal means don't make it religious
because there's nothing more common than
religion.
So this is a very different approach to
all that God is saying.
It's the opposite of what a religious
person would convey.
Rich, when you have a chance too,
could you grab like a handful of paper
towels?
Kara decided that she would leave me a
present right underneath my feet here,
and I would love to be able to
deal with that.
It's part of being Chazaq.
You just don't get freaked out with that
sort of thing.
But, you know,
we're going to be doing this for a
while,
and I just as soon not have to
be having my feet spread so that...
I'm not dealing with her little gift.
Oh, my wife is already coming in.
We're going to try to clean up on
aisle three right now.
I tell you what,
it's nice to have a wife that's willing
to do what needs to be done when
it needs to be done, isn't it?
Here we go.
So it says his hands are,
and especially that which he influences,
will be kept from acting on anything which
is irrational or distressful.
Thank you.
And the beauty of that is that
God has given this man seven spirits,
including the spirit of Yahowah,
the spirit of intelligence,
the spirit of understanding,
the spirit of knowing the entire story,
and the spirit of Gabor,
which is strength and conviction,
as well as the spirit of respect for
Yahowah.
in doing all of that we've got to
send I've put some guide rails uh here
guard rails here and I’m going to keep
him on the uh the fairly straight and
narrow he's going to what he says is
going to be right you know we've written
now thirty five of these books and uh
you know it's not very often that somebody
can can put that kind of information out
over the course of
now,
twenty four years or do thousands of these
shows and be subject to anybody that wants
to be critical.
And yet no one has ever found anything
that was untrue that I've ever said.
Never.
There are times where I have gone back
and said,
I think that now that I have learned
more, I can refine that position.
And this is where I think we should,
the conclusion that makes the most sense,
but not a single person.
Thousands and thousands have tried.
No one has ever been able to do
it.
I had tens of thousands that tried to
repudiate what I wrote in Prophet of Doom,
now Goddamn Religion.
To absolutely no avail.
So God's pretty good at making certain
that we would be productive.
And that's what he wants.
It doesn't mean that we wouldn't go back
and correct mistakes because that's part
of it.
That's the credibility.
It's a huge part of what brought JB
and I together.
willingness to admit when you didn't have
it as well defined as you should and
that you've learned more and now you're in
a position to correct the mistake and be
wiser for it and move on.
So it says, do not say regarding ha-Nakar.
This is important because the
One of the titles that Yahowah debuts for
this individual is Nakar.
He does so in the Torah,
in the Dabarym Deuteronomy,
the twenty ninth chapter.
It's not the first title that he uses
by any imagination,
but it's one of the most prolific titles
in the Torah and the prophets and the
writings regarding this role.
It's Nakar.
It means to be an observant
son from a foreign land to be particularly
understanding, thoughtful,
someone who takes the time to examine and
then discern and acknowledge what he has
found and is respectful regarding the
material.
So with all of the prophecies regarding
ha-nakar,
and it's used here with the definite
article, it's a title,
you would think that
that there would be those that were
searching to find out, well, who is he?
God said he's going to come at the
very end when Yahowah is on the cusp
of delivering salvation.
It says that he is going to be
one that's uniquely right,
that he's going to be exceedingly
observant.
He's got observant like five times
already,
and nakar means observant foreigner.
You'd think that people would be looking
for it.
Well, who has translated,
rendered Yahowah's
testimony from the oldest manuscripts as
accurately as it can be and has written
ongoing commentaries about the word of God
so it can be understood and has deduced
the most profoundly important and
previously unheralded insights.
You would think people would be looking
for that fellow.
Moshe talks about him.
Solomon talks about him.
I would be like, who is this guy?
Yeah, Dowd writes about him.
Isaiah wrote an entire textbook for him.
Yeah, he's mentioned in every prophet.
And sometimes it's enormous,
like Dowd wrote an entire Mashal proverb
regarding the Choter.
And Yahowah has an entire chapter,
or Yashayah has an entire chapter,
the eleventh chapter to this role.
So anyway, do not say regarding ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner,
I
who has formed a relationship and joined
with Yahowah.
So this individual is not speaking on his
own initiative.
You wanna be careful to go against him
because Yahowah is speaking in first person
here.
And he says that this ha-Narky has formed
a unbreakable relationship with him.
So that would be somebody that I would
not want to oppose.
That would be a really bad idea because
you can't form a relationship with God
without God's consent.
Who has formed a relationship with Yahowah?
Something which would infer Yahowah will
surely abandon me,
preventing me from being included as part
of his family.
So this can be interpreted one or two
ways.
You can interpret it as this mother
goddess group did and say,
even though everything we know about God
we've learned from this man,
because this man is correctly saying that
they're wrong about every position they
have taken now, we want him excluded.
So surely Yahowah will abandon me.
Surely Yahowah will not include me in part
of his family.
The only way they can pretend that they're
going to be included and that they're
included in the covenant is to say I'm
not included.
And so this is written for them in
that regard.
And then it is written for...
more largely for Yisrael.
Yisrael has denied Yahowah for a very long
time.
And they have gotten very good at blaming
Yahowah.
They will occasionally throw him a Hashem
or an Adonai comment and say, well,
he's looking out for us.
He's not.
And Yahowah did abandon Israel a very long
time ago.
And he divorced Israel.
Twenty seven hundred years ago.
And
But the thing that he wants his people
to know is you should not say that
Yahowah is going to abandon you and keep
you from being included in the covenant
family.
God's just said, I'm coming back.
I'm going to provide restoration.
I'm going to provide salvation.
I'm going to deliver a promise.
So don't give up.
You individually...
can be part of this family.
You can individually experience a
relationship with Yahowah.
It's all laid out for you.
That's why we wrote these books.
That's why we do this show.
So God says, don't give up.
Then don't write me off.
I'm here for you.
I will return to you as soon as
you return to me and with open arms.
Then God uses a powerful term that we
spoke of in the last program.
It is Sharys.
He said, and let not the sheriffs,
this would be this,
what God would call an esteemed,
but certainly authorized official
designee, say,
what then if I become a withered and
unproductive tree,
an incapacitated counselor,
a paralyzed messenger?
This is one of the reasons why you
have to rewrite books over time.
Because when I first saw this and I
read, oh, I'm a tree.
So what I did is I went to
Etzah rather than etz and said, well,
you know,
Etzah speaks of a messenger and a
counselor, so I'll put that in.
And since Yabesh can speak of withered,
we'll say unproductive counselor.
And that's how you render it because you
have no concept of why God would go
from the nakar, this observant foreigner,
which when I first translated this verse,
I didn't know that applied to me either.
But there was no way to say,
why would God speak of this nakar as
a withered tree?
He is now saying that the nakar can't
say of himself, I am,
but what happens if as this official
designee,
that I become withered and unproductive as
a tree.
I'm going to tell you,
there's no way that in the first twenty
years of doing this that I could have
processed that.
I didn't recognize that I was the tree
that went...
It took me forever to come to the
realization that the fourth day of
creation isn't about creating anything.
It's about announcing something and that
the greater and lesser luminaries
represent Dowd and myself as Yada and that
I reflect his brilliance and that
collectively we show the way to fulfill
and actually ourselves fulfill the Mowedym,
which is what the...
narrative says,
and that one reflects the other's
brilliance.
I had no idea of that.
I mean,
it takes a lot of time before you
come to that,
and you have to finally deal with the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
which forever links these two,
Dowd and Yara,
via the Sun and the Moon.
And I think it's the hundred and third
or hundred and thirteenth
Mizmowr that does the same thing that
speaks of their eternal relationship.
Well,
then you get into the story of the
garden and we came back to it because
of the belligerence of these people
claiming that they were speaking for Mama
God.
We realize that the story in the garden,
the key character in that story isn't
actually Adam.
It certainly isn't Chawah.
She has a bit role.
it's actually the tree of knowledge.
And the tree of knowledge isn't the most
important tree.
The most important tree is the tree of
lives.
But other than saying it exists,
Yahowah says nothing about that tree
because it's premature for anybody to even
know about the tree because the tree of
lives didn't become the tree of lives for
another, what,
four thousand years from that point.
And it was premature to imbibe from the
tree of knowledge because the tree of
knowledge was going to speak about what
the tree of lives had accomplished.
And that wasn't going to happen for
another six thousand years.
But nonetheless,
the tree of knowledge becomes the essence
of that story.
The number one character in the story all
throughout.
And to figure out that that is true.
what we're doing here,
that these have become the tree of
knowledge,
and therefore the author of them is the
person that God is saying is the tree
of knowledge,
takes you a long time to get there.
And you're not going to understand this
passage to get there.
But you know how I finally got there?
No?
No.
There's this interesting story that
Yashayah tells in the eleventh chapter of
his book, Yashayah eleven.
It's about a choter, which is a stem.
And it tells you that a stem has
deep roots and that that stem that has
deep roots is an observant branch.
So we get anything close to tree here.
We're building roots, observant,
observant branch.
OK,
so he goes on with the story and
he says that that this.
branch that was deeply rooted and is an
observant branch, by the way,
that it's going to have,
he's going to have,
the toter is masculine, singular,
going to have the spirit of etzah.
Well, I just mentioned Etza, didn't I?
Etza is from Etz.
And so now we're saying that he's saying
that Choter, which branch, stem, roots,
and observant branch,
is now saying he's got the spirit of
that tree, Etza, the spirit of the tree.
What tree?
Well, after Gabowrah, guess what the...
sixth of seven spirits that is given to
the Choter.
It's the spirit of Da'ath.
What is this tree?
It is the etz of Da'ath.
So the Choter is the tree of knowledge.
And there is nobody else that qualifies
for that role, ever.
And so you learn, okay, so...
God's presenting you as a tree.
I guess that's good because he goes on
to say that this tree is Parah.
What does Parah mean?
Productive.
Fruitful and productive.
The tree thing all the way through.
And so it's a fruitful and productive
tree,
deeply rooted with observant branches.
And he's a stem and he's got the
spirit of the tree and of knowledge.
So now we know.
So then Nakar, this observant foreigner,
which is Natsyr,
which is the same family of words in
the presentation of the Choter and
Yashayah, he is the same fellow.
And what he is saying,
what God is saying is,
It would be really, really, really bad,
really, really,
really bad under these circumstances of
him returning to deliver salvation,
working with one who is tzedakah,
right about him.
If the tree that is providing all of
this information at this time were to even
contemplate the idea of becoming withered
and unproductive.
So sometimes when YasHayah is writing,
he isn't necessarily writing to everybody.
Sometimes in the book of YasHayah,
there are lots of places where YasHayah has
written a private note to his pal.
And I'm his pal.
That's just the bottom line here.
That's why when we go forward into the
sixty-third chapter and Yashayah is
absolutely ecstatic.
He is just beside himself.
And he's saying, that's my Zarowa.
That's my guy.
I am in the wine vat right with
him.
He is in there with me.
And together we're going to save men.
And he's speaking of the man from Edowm,
and he's celebrating the fact that we're
entwined, we're working together,
that he has written these private notes
and instructions on what we're supposed to
do.
And this is God saying,
don't you even contemplate for a second
this idea of withering up and becoming an
unproductive tree.
uh and he's trying to also inform us
that oh by the way you've you don't
have another eight years to go you have
another one thousand and eight years to go
so
More coffee, please.
Yeah, more coffee.
Well,
the fact is that the three of you
guys, Leah, who was there,
plus our great friend, Dr. Jeff,
and old Rich over here,
We're all engaged together for the next
thousand years.
So if you don't like the work,
this would be a really good time to
bail out because God's gone all in with
us.
We're the teachers providing the fruit for
the next thousand years to explain how we
capitalize on the garden.
Then it says, to the contrary,
this is what Yahowah says,
on behalf of the Shoresh,
This esteemed and authorized official
designee who has been the subject,
who has been subject to castration.
Now, I've asked that before,
but there's one animal that is commonly
castrated by people so that it's more
easily controlled.
What is that animal?
Well, actually, it's a bull.
A bull that becomes an ox after being
castrated.
The only difference between an ox and a
bull is an ox is a castrated bull.
It's not a different species.
The very animal that Yahowah is modeling
the personality of his nakar after is a
bull.
So to the contrary,
this is what Yahowah says on behalf of
the Shoresh,
this esteemed and authorized official
designee who has been subject to
castration as a result of the positions
they have taken as leaders.
So the good thing is here,
it's got others cast in with him.
This was plural.
The verb was rendered in the plural form.
which means that the bull has a bevy
of bulls associated with him.
And the attempt of the world is going
to be to try to castrate and control
all of us.
So this is inclusive.
in this particular case.
So it says,
so this is what Yahowah says on behalf
of the Shoresh,
the esteemed and authorized official
designees, plural,
who have been subject to castration as a
result of positions they have taken as
leaders.
They provide guidance regarding the
benefits of the relationship, Asher,
by being consistently observant and
actively attentive while actually
exploring and investigating my seven
Shabbat promises.
So once again,
we're told what is the best time to
be observant and thoughtful?
Shabbat.
And one of the things we want to
consider
is the totality of the promise God has
made regarding his six-plus-one plan,
which is consistent with that menorah that
is off of both shoulders here.
I've got a menorah off my right shoulder
and off my left shoulder.
It is done in a six-plus-one format
with...
The middle harvest being the one that
stands out by itself.
They have the spring harvest, Pesach,
Matsah, Bikuwrym.
You have the fall harvest,
which is Yada, Kipurym, and Sukah.
And the guy in the middle there is
Shabuwah, which is the next one.
And it will begin the time of Israel's
troubles.
So that's where we are,
and it's those who are named in it.
There's eight people in particular that
are part of that.
In addition to the Zarowa who is
responsible for the harvest,
we are the teachers and the doers to
prepare this mortal remnant of Yisrael for
earning Yahowah's trust and being released
off of this planet.
So they provide guidance regarding the
benefits of the relationship being
consistently observant regarding the plan
of seven that Yahowah has articulated.
So they have chosen preferring at this
time,
my will and my appreciation by revealing
the correct path to the benefits of the
relationship.
So rather than us seeking Yahowah's will,
it doesn't say that.
It doesn't say we've sought Yahowah's will.
It says we've chosen Yahowah's will.
We appreciate what Yahowah wants.
So we have investigated what he had to
say.
It's quite clear what he wants achieved.
And we've agreed to do what he wants.
Pretty simple concept, really.
God's a very effective communicator.
He tells us exactly what he's trying to
achieve.
We just simply said, okay,
that sounds good.
We'll do that.
I like it.
Yeah, I like it.
have been a fan of that from the
beginning.
What I've learned right at the beginning
is that you can never be wrong if
you model your attitude
and approach to what Yahowah was
articulating.
If Yahowah says that he was Shezak during
the exodus from Mitzrayim, Egypt,
and we're trying to conduct an exodus from
Babel, Babylon,
the confusion and intermixing of religion
and politics,
then we can't go wrong by also being
Shezak firm.
If Yahowah is steadfast and doesn't change,
we should be steadfast.
Absolutely.
You just can't be wrong by,
by modeling your,
your attitude towards Yahowah.
If Yahowah says, I like work,
I want you to work,
then why not work?
See if it,
see how it works out for you.
If Yahowah says, you know,
I value being observant,
it's going to turn out really good for
it.
Why not do that?
So what,
We didn't ask.
It doesn't say here that we asked Yahowah
for his will for our lives, does it?
Not at all.
It just says we chose at this time
to do what God wanted.
We said okay.
Okay.
It was pretty simple, right?
You want us to do what?
Sure.
Now, there's a couple of times I've said,
you want me to do it?
Really?
I want to thank you.
Are you?
Another option?
Yeah, you got a plan?
He says, read what I said.
Don't even consider that option.
No, I don't have another plan.
And you're it.
So do good work, you know.
No problem.
If you fail,
the Earth is going to be destroyed,
and there'll be no life,
and Dowd's not going to return.
He's not going to have a kingdom.
And so my beloved son is going to
have fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym for nothing.
And all of my last four Mow'ed Miqraey
are going to be unfulfilled as humans
destroy this planet.
But no pressure at all.
Sure.
Okay.
Anyway, so revealing the correct path.
So what G.I.O.
's preference is to reveal the correct
path to the benefits of the relationship.
We have celebrated Asher since it was the
first word that we have translated.
Therefore,
they are positioned to be overpowering and
intense, uncompromising and firm,
unrelenting and effective.
Chazaq.
It's a shame that that our good friend
Dr. Jeff is in Chazaq.
healing broken bodies,
because I am quite certain that Dr.
Jeff's favorite word is Chazaq.
My favorite may be Asher,
maybe Kara among my favorites,
Byn being one of my favorites.
I'm beginning to like Chokmah a lot.
But Dr. Jeff,
He really likes Chokmah.
Chokmah is we're going to be unrelenting.
We're going to be effective.
We're going to have tremendous conviction.
We're going to be uncompromising and firm
with my covenant.
That's our job.
If we see somebody that is misrepresenting
the covenant, we're going to tell them.
And we're not going to be compromising at
all.
We're not to be tolerant.
We're to be firm.
We're not to be meek or modest regarding
what we know either.
Firm regarding the covenant.
Tough.
I mean,
this is an absolute repudiation of one of
the central planks of the we hate Craig
and deny everything that's in Yada Yada.
gang out there.
That's what this is.
So the mission simply cannot be
accomplished alone or timidly,
even with the seven spirits of Yahowah
enabling ha-nakar,
the observant foreigner, the etz-Da'ath,
this tree of knowledge,
and the Choter stem.
This is why God has cleaned house,
replacing my publisher, my editor,
a webmaster,
and social media manager with an
unofficially authorized and esteemed
editor.
group of designees, Sheresh,
so that we would prevail as we approach
the ultimate Shabbat observance,
which will be on October seventh of twenty
thirty three.
A Shabbat, by the way.
It's convenient the way that all that
worked out, of course.
I'm sure it's by happenstance.
Team Yap has chosen to be at the
center of Yap's will,
earning his appreciation,
doing so by revealing the correct path to
receive the benefits of the relationship.
Let's be clear.
It ain't easy.
God's not saying it's going to be easy.
To prevail, we must all remain Chazaq,
which is the operative term at this time.
It is the antithesis of compromising,
of being modest, humble, or meek.
To be Chazaq, the
Covenant family must remain intensely
devoted,
overpowering to the point of being harsh,
unrelenting and firm, totally resolute.
There is to be no compromise with regard
to the terms and conditions of the
covenant.
If you are in or if you are
out,
conditions are demonstrated by the
tenacity and determination of each
individual to stay the course.
waiver at this time lured away by
malcontent mothers and your father will
disown you important to keep that in mind
these are not my rules or my
determinations but his and I’m not about
to question him or propose otherwise
So this is our father's gift to his
Shezak.
He says,
then I will offer freely giving at this
time to those, plural again, it's ha,
it's lahim,
in my home and in my family and
within my protective enclosure,
a hand outstretched, welcoming,
supportive, empowering,
and a name even better,
more beneficial and valuable than other
sons and daughters.
So, fellas, pretty cool, man.
You got the hand of God.
He says,
I'm freely giving them at that time in
my home.
And by the way,
and my protective enclosure means this is
happening during our fulfillment of
Sukah,
of that thousand years where we're in the
garden making all this happen.
So we have a opportunity now without near
the...
the interference is probably not a right
term, but we have some autonomy.
And it's not even the right term,
but we have an opportunity to show that
we've got what it takes to be right.
We've got what it takes to care about
and contribute to the very will and intent
of Yahowah.
And to be firm and
show conviction regarding the covenant
relationship.
And as a result of that,
when we enter the millennial Shabbat,
we will be in this protective enclosure at
that time in God's family and part of
his home.
And he's going to freely give us a
hand,
tremendous support throughout that
process.
And this contingent of individuals who
have earned their position with God,
make no mistake about that,
they're going to be given a name.
even more valuable and beneficial than the
sons, any other sons and daughters.
So there'll be a lot of sons and
daughters that will be part of this
covenant family,
but there's this key group God's got a
special name for.
He hasn't told me what that special name
is.
It's going to be a surprise.
We can speculate and nothing wrong with
doing so.
JB, you got any ideas?
No, I'm open.
Yeah,
I'm sure we'll find whatever God chooses
to be appropriate.
You've done a whole glossary, Kirk,
on words.
You got a favorite?
Y'all.
You want to be y'all?
Yeah, y'all.
It's got y'all in it.
All y'all.
That works for me.
I've always liked y'all,
and if it's a good southern boy,
that'll work just fine.
Yeah, y'all.
All y'all.
Yeah,
it'd be a good name for a boat
too, wouldn't it?
Y'all, welcome aboard, y'all.
I like it.
Kevin, you got a preference?
Not a preference.
I'm just guessing it'll be Saris.
I think that Saris is a name that
designates hierarchy,
and that's specifically what he's speaking
of here.
Because, I mean, we know there's Yahowah,
and then a step there in Elyown is
Dowd, and then we have a Choter,
a Nakry, a Basar.
I mean, Dowd's Herald,
and then there's going to be a hierarchy
below that.
And I think Saris fits in with that.
I don't know that he's necessarily told
us.
The key means to ascertain something
that's important, profound,
and true is to listen to what God
had to say.
Pretty clever.
What you just did is listen to what
God had to say and say, yeah,
that worked for me.
I like that.
And one of the things I like about
that name is that it speaks of castration.
And that is precisely what the world has
sought to do to us.
Mm-hmm.
You know,
if you were me on X and you
realize that you're so castrated in your
ability to be productive in that
environment because you don't comply with
what they're looking for,
which is to be religious,
conspiratorial or political and have an
audience based upon promoting those kinds
of lies because they're popular.
That's the whole algorithm works to
constrain or, you know, castrate.
So Sheresh is a really good term.
It means that we're all a bit bullish.
We're all official.
We're designated by God to do this job
and that we have God's hand of support.
and have received the name that he has
chosen.
That's a good one.
Kevin, you?
Well done.
Yeah, well done.
As Leah would say,
do I get a gold star?
Well, that's what Leah wants.
She works for gold stars.
Now, her gold stars are fairly affordable.
They come in little stickies on a piece
of paper you can buy, you know,
fifty of them for about a dime.
So it's pretty cheap.
She just absolutely loves her gold stars.
it's rubbed off on you I will I
will give you one I I will give
to him an ever love god's got something
a little better so um better than the
gold star that says I will give to
him an everlasting and eternal personal
and proper name designation reputation
which for having shared the benefits of
the relationship will never be removed or
taken away I think there are
three feminine words that are associated
with the eight who are part of Shabuwah,
Yada, and Kipurym.
So it isn't going to be just hymns,
but also hurrs.
But for the most part,
finds men easier to work with than women.
When I had my businesses,
I always found women to be easier to
work with than men.
And I had more women in managerial
positions than I ever had men in
managerial positions and far fewer
problems when I was working with women in
managerial positions in all of my
businesses.
But yeah,
I think there's three or four women that
play roles.
A couple even have speaking roles.
It's mostly dudes.
There's a difference between those who are
more cerebral and those who are more
emotionally responsive,
and both have value.
He loves both.
But there are far fewer women that are
designated in this regard.
And plus, it's really,
really hard to castrate a woman.
So that you've got that as well.
Yes.
Oh, Leah's got a point.
What is your point?
Yeah,
I wanted to to make one point that
this choice word,
I was shocked when I ran across it
because of my mind instantly went to the
three naked ladies.
which means this role is so important that
Hylel ben Shachar wanted to,
absolutely needed to corrupt it,
pervert it,
and turn it into something horrible.
Yes.
So that was my addition.
And clearly,
the thing that brought us together,
and I'm looking over here where you're
not, because your image is...
I'm over here, my mic... No,
your image now,
for those reviewing this program,
is on this side of the screen.
It looks stupid if I'm looking where you
really are,
because that's not where your image is on
the screen.
So excuse me if I'm looking away from
you.
But what brought us together initially as
you were searching for the feminine
influence and who was that woman?
The good woman and the bad woman.
Yeah, the good woman and the bad woman.
There was two women in the story and
I have no idea who they were.
Well,
you're going to learn more about the bad
woman than you could ever have possibly
imagined,
even though we have learned a lot about
her already.
You're going to learn a very, very,
very much about the bad woman going
forward.
And there is a productive woman who is
a part of all of this.
And she plays a significant role in what
God's trying to achieve with his people.
Is it Cara?
I don't think Cara is serious.
The faith home of the covenant family is
God's idea of what he is trying to,
it's his primary goal in creating the
universe.
And the Choma depicts our position within
the protective enclosure of the earth when
it's restored to conditions in Eden.
particularly during Sukah shelters in
year six thousand YAH,
which is less than eight years away.
It's seven years and what?
Five months or something.
I mean, it's our seven years, I guess,
and nine months is where we are right
now,
but less than eight years away from this
writing.
Amazing that we're at one hundred and
thirty seven and some odd days.
from the beginning of the time of
troubles.
Boy,
this is really coming upon us quickly.
And so the Yad hand is God's welcoming
and supporting those who continue to
contribute to the well-being of His
people.
And the Shem name will be a God-given
designation befitting the Chazaq Resolute.
And I think you've got it right.
So there are times when the context
reveals that who, him,
third person masculine singular should be
rendered as if the text read him, them.
And while that may be permissible here,
it would have God repeating himself using
a different pronoun since him,
those in Yahowah's family and enclosure are
assured of his hand.
and favorable designation.
Therefore,
I suspect that the concluding gift of an
eternal designation,
which will never be removed,
is being respowed upon not just ha-Nakar
for his commitment,
but I think on the entire team that
are working to support this effort.
So in the next statement,
the great Isaiah scroll,
which is one Q-I-S-A-A,
differs from the Masoretic text and from
the scroll known as one Q-I-S-A-B,
both found in
gave one of the Qumran collection,
it's going to find that the position of
those who are serving as co-workers,
whether this distinction precedes or
follows Yahowah's name,
it's presented one way and two of the
texts in the other in the other.
Also, one Q-I-S-A-A,
the Great Isaiah Scroll,
is the odd man out on extolling
which is what it says versus uh Yahowah
uh extolling Yahowah stem a sham or name
in this case versus loving it so since
the uh the there is uh two verses
uh the one we're gonna go with uh
loving it although there's you know
there's not a huge um difference between
loving it and extolling it but um loving
it I think is more endearing personal yeah
yeah and you know
It would be a mistake for somebody to
say that there is a perfect rendition of
any one of these prophets or the Torah.
There isn't,
they were written in human hands.
And there is a huge difference between the
spoken word and the written word.
Everything that's in them was either
spoken by a person or by God.
The moment it goes from a spoken word
with inflection,
to the written word,
you have lost a lot.
That's one of the reasons God wanted us
to go from writing another book to this
Yahowah blog,
is that the spoken word conveys far more
information than the written word.
The written word is a better study tool,
but in terms of reaching people and
encouraging them to do the right thing,
the spoken word is far more powerful.
So the very moment that God's word went
from spoken to written,
a great deal was lost.
And the moment that the second scribe
tried to write down what the first scribe
had written, more was lost.
And as time evolved and the language was
essentially forgotten,
it was a variation that was brought back,
but the language spoken by Jews in Israel
today, Hebrew,
is a very different language than the one
that is revealed here in the Torah.
Enormous similarities,
a lot of vocabulary overlap,
but they are quite different.
And so God's not trying to say that
every word is inerrant.
That would be wrong.
And if there's a difference between
manuscripts, there are very few.
I mean, you can look at the Masoretic,
which was written in the eleventh century,
and the Dead Sea Scrolls,
which were ascribed two to three hundred
BCE for the most part.
It's fourteen centuries and there's only
about fourteen percent difference between
them.
That's really extraordinary.
There are differences,
but it's about fourteen percent.
Of those differences,
about eighty percent of those differences
are fairly meaningless.
Plural, singular, masculine, feminine,
preposition, conjunction,
that sort of thing.
And the second part of it is that
if you remove the rabbinical diacritical
markings and you just go back to the
original letters,
that you remove a huge amount of error.
And then because God is so redundant in
his messaging,
that there really isn't anything that
you're going to miss.
He gave us enough examples,
saying the same thing consistently,
that it's very easy to put it together.
So therefore,
I'm always comfortable with when there is
a difference,
telling you what the difference is,
and you can make whatever decision you
wish.
The children of ha-Nakar,
the observant and discerning foreigner,
have formed a relationship with and adhere
closely to.
Yeah.
So, well...
You guys look a little old to be
my kids.
The fact is that from God's point of
view,
because you have come to know what is
needed from us to become part of the
covenant family of God,
he is viewing me as a contributor to
your participation in the covenant family.
So he's saying that the Nakar has
children.
That's God's view.
It's a way of doing what God likes
to do the most,
which he likes to credit those who work
with him.
And if you're willing to work with him,
he wants to
And so you might say, okay, all right,
so my role was to correctly present your
words and do so with conviction and
enthusiasm.
That doesn't exactly make me the doer.
It just makes me the messenger.
But that's not the way God looks at
it.
I guess there's been so few people that
would even do the message part.
Yeah, that's my guy.
So anyway, he's saying that the Nakar,
the subservient and discerning foreigner,
has offspring.
And that he's saying that the unique thing
about this offspring is they've formed a
relationship and adhere closely to Yahowah,
which is exactly what you want.
What he is making very clear and I'm
very comfortable with
is the sense that this is not a
cult.
A cult would be that I would be
soliciting your allegiance to me.
And God is correctly presenting this here
as the ha-Nakar,
his mission is to encourage your
allegiance to Yahowah.
And if your allegiance is to Yahowah,
then we're working together.
We're on the same page.
But it's a very different mindset than the
human mindset.
It's the opposite mindset, by the way,
of the naysayers.
that god is correct the children of
ha-Nakry of nakar here the observant and
discerning foreigner have formed a
relationship with and adhere closely to
this is that same word that Yahowah used
speaking of uh these Tsedaqah this uh this
one man who was in enosh
and a son of Adam,
he said that he had a la'ah,
a close and personal and breakable
relationship with Yahowah.
He's saying that the same condition
pertains to the Sharys,
these designated individuals who are part
of the covenant family.
and that they have a relationship and
adhere closely to Yahowah to serve to
attend to and to assist him now in
this case you have a choice of it
of a capital H or a lower case
ace and in Hebrew there are no
capitalization’s there's only one case uh
for for letters that's their case in
Many languages.
So we artificially create it to determine
whether or not we're using a pronoun to
speak for God, you or him or he,
your, for example.
We will capitalize if it speaks of God.
It just helps to communicate.
There is no such distinction in Hebrew.
So God could be speaking of that this
children, the offspring of ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner,
who have formed an enduring and close
personal relationship with Yahowah, serve,
attend to, and assist Yahowah, Him,
capital H.
I don't think that's the right rendering
of it, though.
I think it's they serve, attend to,
and assist, lowercase him.
I think what God is saying is if
you form a relationship with me in this
regard,
you are supporting the guy that I have
designated to do this job.
And if you do that in the hierarchy
that I have set out here in terms
of I've designated you for this role,
then things are going to work out.
Uh,
I think that's the way it was intended
to be read, but you,
you are absolutely free to read it either
way.
Uh, at the end of the day,
it's the same thing.
If you're assisting,
if you're assisting the Nakry and what
the Nakry needs to get done,
because he's doing what y'all wants done.
Yeah.
Then at the end of the day, it's,
it's the same, it's the same thing.
Yeah.
Yes, exactly.
Uh,
but even though it is the same thing,
it's important to have us
present it as completely as possible and
give you the options.
It's because what I think is intended
doesn't mean it's so, it's just,
that's what I think is intended.
But I happen to agree with you that
we're, the distinction in practice is nil.
I guess the one distinction would be that,
while we are doing what Yahowah wants,
and God's been very clear with that,
He's always said that,
that we're doing what Yahowah wants,
that we recognize that He has given a
man a lot of responsibility,
and He has imbued him with the seven
spirits of Yahowah,
and there should be some recognition of
the importance of supporting that work.
And I think that distinction does have
some merit.
Loving and adoring that which is
associated with Yahowah's name.
That would certainly work out.
What was the name of these books?
Yeah.
To know, respect,
acknowledge Yahowah's name.
That is who we are.
This is the Yahowah Log.
So the children of Ha-Nakar have formed a
relationship with and adhere closely to
Yahowah, to serve, attend to,
and assist Him,
loving and adoring that which is
associated with Yahowah's name,
continually and demonstrably existing as
His co-workers.
La Hayah, la hu, la Ebed.
consistently, continually,
demonstrably existing as his coworkers,
always observing and noticeably examining
while considering the Shabbat,
the promise of seven,
making it special by avoiding
disrespecting it.
They are uncompromising and strengthened,
devoted and unrelenting,
established and firm, Chazaq.
a third time in my covenant.
They're resolute, uncompromising, strong,
unrelenting and firm in my covenant
family.
That's a nice job description, isn't it?
That's Yahowah setting us up for success.
Yahowah
giving credit.
God's saying, this is my team.
I support my team.
My team loves my name.
They love the promise of seven,
understand how it all plays out.
They are devoted to being right about me.
I've officially designated them.
I'm empowering them.
I stand with them.
I'm supporting them.
I appreciate that they're seeking to do
what I want done.
And
And as a result, they are firm.
They're tough.
They're resilient regarding my covenant.
And they are in Ba.
They're doing this in my covenant family.
Not just about my covenant family.
He wouldn't say about.
He could have used all, but he didn't.
He used Ba in my covenant family.
And that's a nice distinction, too.
So Hanukkah, the observant foreigner,
is masculine singular,
and yet as a miracle from God,
he has children.
That's why the par becomes a parah,
isn't it?
That's why the Adam becomes an Adamah.
That is why the etz becomes etzah,
is that God is trying to show that
men can conceive children too.
particularly if it's through the covenant.
So ha-Nakar, masculine singular,
and yet as a miracle from God,
he has children.
They are the beneficiaries of his purpose,
which is to direct all who will listen
to the covenant.
This is why he is referred to as
a Zarowa, another feminine noun,
a feminine title,
one cultivating a fruitful harvest.
It explains again,
while Parbol becomes Parah, productive.
Now,
discerning individuals can quibble over
whether the covenant children who have
formed a close and indivisible
relationship with Yahowah are sharath
attending to and assisting Yahowah directly
or indirectly by serving alongside his
nakar.
While the distinction may seem trivial to
some,
I see this as Yahowah providing the needed
support to get this done because we're
running out of time.
And either way,
the children of the observant foreigner
are not only enjoying a close personal
relationship with Yahowah and celebrating
his name, they love God's show.
Therefore,
I see us as members of the same
family, as what God said.
We're in the covenant family,
working together as a team to accomplish
the mission that God has set before us.
And from this perspective,
Yahowah is commending our continued and
steadfast willingness to define ourselves
by our resolve.
firmness,
to demonstrate our commitment to examining
and considering that which pertains to the
final Shabbat,
that would be the celebration of Sukkot,
as it represents Yahowah's ultimate promise
to use the seventh epoch of time on
this planet so that we can enjoy the
eighth octave from there.
He is also pleased with our unwavering and
unflinching commitment to standing
resolute in our convictions,
never relenting,
so that we are firmly established in His
covenant family.
And so with the constant iteration of
Chokmah, and it's everywhere,
we recognize that Yahowah has a preference
for strength over timidity,
harshness instead of meekness,
and for reliance
on over humility you guys have any issue
with that or you uh you think there's
room for timidity in all of this no
yeah you remember one time I’m sorry let
me interrupt what do you think all right
kirk no I would just say it is
one time you called in on the show
you said I’m gonna be an hour late
so uh do a show and of course
that used to freak me out so I
uh
So I was in the middle of doing
the, you know, the Beatitudes.
I was writing those and saying,
and blessed are the meek and all that
crap.
And I said, this ain't right.
So I took all the Greek things and
I had all the books over there.
So I changed that over and then I
looked up every word that it could
possibly mean, the Greek to the Hebrew.
And it wipes out everything about the
Beatitudes.
So, I mean, from that point on,
it was never a question in my mind.
I mean, any language you want to choose,
that's not what it says.
So it strengthened my resolve.
Yeah, unfortunately, all of it,
the Sermon on the Mount was, well,
it was recorded in Hebrew by the ones
that actually provided the text for it,
which is the Ebyownym.
And they would have used Chazaq.
it was changed to Greek by Matthew who
plagiarized them.
But even in the translation,
he used a word that is the same
quality that would be ascribed to a war
horse.
It was the Greek word that a war
horse would be able to go into battle
without flinching.
And they just had this calmness about them
where all could be dying all around them
in havoc and yet
they were able to do their job.
And so it was a Greek word that
conveyed that,
not that we should ever care what the
Greek words say,
but your research in that is consistent
with the entomology of the Greek term that
was chosen.
So I will bring them at this time,
God says, to my set apart mountain.
So guess where you guys are going to
be on Yada?
You know, you're thinking, all right, man,
I get out of here on Shabuwah,
get a big vacation.
Sorry about you, Yada.
You have to go back in three years,
but not the rest of us.
I will bring them.
It didn't say I will bring him,
does it?
He's already there.
So I will bring them.
Yeah, I will bring them at this time.
There you go, guys.
I hope you like tents.
Sleeping in a tent.
I think that's where we're going to be
hanging out for three and a half years.
A replica of the Tent of the Restoring
Witness will be erected where the Dome of
the Rock once was.
A lot of cleanup on that Temple Mount
before it goes down there.
But I think that's where we're going to
be hanging out.
So I will bring them at this time
to my set apart mountain.
but they're going to have a good time.
I'll cause them to rejoice such that they
are elated.
So it's going to be good duty.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
This first part of true is not going
to be so much fun for me,
but the rest of it's going to be
great.
So that they are elated in my family
home.
That means we're going to be in the
tent of the restoring witness.
Pretty cool.
Nice place to hang out.
I can't imagine a better better situation
for us.
And we're going to be there to be
distinct, to be separated,
to be set apart for intervention and
intercession,
for judgment and decisions and being
assessed and
evaluated uh for the purpose of being
assessed and it won't be us being assessed
and evaluated but to be all those that
we're talking to uh our job will will
to help them um be properly assessed and
evaluated uh Tephilah is a uh is the
word in Hebrew and it is almost always
rendered prayer uh so they'll say that you
know my uh family and home of prayer
but yeah
yeah you guys have both dealt with this
word um it is uh it's from uh
tephilah and and there is nothing associated
even remotely akin to prayer in the term
uh it is uh either speaks of uh
being unique set apart and distinct
um which is what god is saying I
want you to be set apart unique and
distinct and therefore not religious not
political and set apart to me and set
apart uh so set apart to Yahowah and
set apart from uh man's uh minutia uh
is the primary definition and the
secondary definition would be this idea of
intervention and intercession
So that's what the words say.
Now,
you want to be religious and choose
prayer?
That's up to you.
But my job is to tell you what
the words say.
You do this one in your glossary, Kirk?
Yeah, probably.
It's two hundred and forty.
Tephilah is clearly based upon one of those
two words.
Philah is the word that I think it's
most based on,
which is to be unique and distinct,
set apart.
But Palal is the other that is given
by the lexicons, particularly Strong's,
which it speaks of intervention and
engaging in such a way as to provide
intercession, judgment,
and quality decisions.
I have no problem with both,
but that's what we're there to do.
So I will bring them at this time
to my Set-Apart Mount,
and that'd be Moriah on the Temple Mount.
And I will cause them to rejoice such
that they are related.
It's going to be a good time with
God.
And my family and home,
which means that we are going to be
in the tent of the Restoring Witness on
the Temple Mount during this occasion.
And we will be distinct and separated,
set apart,
but also serving for the purpose of
intervention and intercession.
such that good judgment can be made and
decisions rendered regarding being this
evaluation they're uplifting uh and
elevating offerings and the sacrifices
slaughtered for them are acceptable and
approved uh especially satisfying on my
sacrificial altar uh there are um two
that make a sacrifice at this time,
which is why it's plural.
It's both the bull and the goat,
and therefore Yada and ElYah.
And these uplifting offerings play out on
Yada and on Kipurym,
and they are very important in the
ultimate reconciliation of Israel.
They fulfill
instructions in the Torah where the mercy
seat of the Ark of the Covenant,
which will be delivered to the tent of
the restoring witness by the two
witnesses,
particularly by Yada as Obed-Edowm,
and it's going to be anointed with the
blood of both the bull and of the
goat,
and that'll be on
But on Yada,
it's the bull that is the uplifting
offering,
and it makes it sound like El'Yah is
going to have a support team in getting
that sacrifice properly arranged and
displayed and everything done as God wants
it on the altar.
And God's going to bring about that same
altar that was when Solomon gave his
speech about ha-Narky on Yada,
the day that the house for Yahowah's name
was completed.
And he stood in the midst of this
altar.
altar to deliver it.
And it would have had the four horns,
two from the ram, two from the bull.
And it is a cauldron that's the right
size to roast a man who is being
presented as a bull on this occasion.
And that is the uplifting offering that
God's talking about.
Now,
this is because my home and family will
be invited and summoned, read and recited,
called out and proclaimed,
a home and family of reasoned requests and
sound judgment for those who are set
apart, distinct and uncommon,
and of intervention and intercession,
even of assessment and evaluation, tapala,
same word that we just discovered a moment
ago,
for the entire family and for all people.
Yashayah, fifty-six-seven.
So on Yada,
Yahowah will be bringing every covenant
member,
and especially those who are the Sheresh
who have participated in all of this up
to this point.
And
are working on behalf of and aiding the
ha-Nakar to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem to
witness the sacrifice and uplifting
offering of the Adam of Parah.
It will be a time of great celebration
as God removes all traces of religious
contamination from the surviving remnant
of his people.
And from this point forward,
all who inhabit the earth will be set
apart unto Yahowah in special.
One of the most maligned of all Hebrew
words is Tephillah.
It is from the actionable root of Palal,
to be separate and set apart,
distinct and distinguished.
Tephillah is also favored by...
which shapes it such that it speaks of
intercession and intervention, judgment,
and mediation,
and of being assessed and evaluated.
And while I incorporated all of these
concepts into the translation,
I did not include prayer,
because there is no basis for it in
the words etymology.
added by religious individuals.
Although I understand that the mother
goddesses,
they have a whole song out now and
a whole lecture.
Teach you how to pray.
On how to pray.
Oh, yeah.
Great.
Disgusting.
If you're going to hear mama's voice,
you're going to have to,
if you're going to hear mama's voice,
you're going to be down on your knees
praying.
So I'm just saying.
You are.
It's the only way to hear mama's voice
is to be, uh,
to be in prayer because your mama's voice
is your voice.
Uh, so, uh, listen,
listen up if you're going to speak for
mama God.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
On prayer.
I'm, you know,
one of the things they went and did
is they were very sneaky about the way
they went about this because my, uh,
point is that God never once asked us
to pray.
And they know that's to be true.
There's no place where God says,
I want you to pray.
You know, there's no eleventh commandment,
thou shalt pray.
Yeah,
God just doesn't ask us to do it.
There are times where people speak to him.
There's times where he is responsive to
what is being said,
but it's never a prayer.
And anytime somebody falls on their knees,
clasps their hands, bows their head,
first thing God says is, yeah, get up.
If you're in a relationship with him,
Get up.
It's like if you're a father of a
son or daughter and they're grappling at
your feet and bowing down to you and
that sort of thing.
You say, good God,
would you please get up?
He doesn't even want you on your knees
to get a drink of water.
Remember, he tells them,
anybody that gets on their knees to get
a drink of water,
they are not going in with you.
That's exactly right.
God's opposed to it,
and he actually says that he's so opposed
to prayer.
He says,
the prayer of those who are not following
my Torah instructions is such that it
looks like they have dung on their faces.
So,
No, God's not looking for you to pray.
And if you want to find a way
to pray,
then you can go over to the mother
goddesses and they will teach you all
about how to pray.
But be careful because God says he's
sending them to hell.
That's probably not a good option for you.
But, you know,
it's a free will and all.
You go and do what you want to
do.
So Yahowah is bringing the Shezak,
the fiercest and most steadfast defenders
of his covenant to Mount Moriah at this
time to celebrate the sacrifices of the
bull and the goat, Yada and ElYah,
as we prepare Yisrael for their homecoming
with Dowd and with Yahowah.
Now this will be a time of intervention
followed by evaluation as the mortal
remnant of Yisrael is not only tested on
Taruwah,
and it is a test for them to
determine which can be trusted to enter
the garden on Sukah,
but also to assess which of these people
will develop sufficiently over time to be
trusted off the planet and dimensions
exceeding the three that we are currently
in now.
It's dangerous out there.
And so God's not going to take anyone
off this planet that he can't trust.
And it's our job to help them grow
to the point where they're good enough
listeners, responsive enough,
engaged enough, observant enough,
and mature enough,
resilient enough that they can be trusted.
So God's family at this time is going
to be noted for including Yahowah, Yahuwdym,
I should say.
We're going to have Yahuwdym and Goyim,
making it inclusive of every ethnicity on
earth.
That was just what we read.
It's of all people.
So everybody gets to be included in this
family.
It's Goyim and Yahuwdym.
And it's particularly so for those
exercising good judgment.
So these are transformative words,
no doubt,
and serving as a life-changing revelation
for those living at this time.
This prophecy epitomizes the merit of
working collaboratively in support of
Nakar,
this observant foreigner that Yahowah has
deployed.
And it affirms the simple truth that the
will of God is to establish his covenant
family.
over and over and over again,
stand firm in my covenant family.
So God is trying to firmly establish his
covenant so that we can enjoy and develop
a productive relationship with God as his
children.
Our purpose is to intervene on behalf of
those who want to be close to God.
Translating Yahowah's words from a language
too few understand into the lingua franca
of the world and offering our God that
we're offering our God is your soul.
Literally, here, God, take this one.
I can vouch for this one.
This one, it's passed the test.
And our goal is to deliver your soul
safely to Yahowah.
And not just safely to Yahowah, prepared.
This is the purpose,
prepared to meet Yahowah.
Because when you show up before Yahowah,
we want you comfortable naked, exposed.
We want you,
if God asks a question or makes a
statement,
we don't want you tripping on your tongue.
It's a bad reflection on us.
You said this one was trustworthy?
No.
Yeah, no.
I want you to scrub the religion and
politics.
I want you active, observant, thoughtful,
responsive,
and no problem making a mistake.
Just don't prolong it.
Learn from it and go on from there.
So that's our job.
Now,
these prophetic writings prove
conclusively that Yahowah is God.
He has provided a depiction of what is
common among those who are invited into
his home.
And God is celebrating his relationship
with his children,
showering his family with everlasting
gifts.
It reads, Yahowah,
my upright one and foundation,
who gathers and assembles yet again.
The scattered of Yisrael,
these who engage and endure with God,
announces in advance of it occurring,
I will obtain,
bring together and assemble before him
those collected and obtained by him.
So fifty six eight.
My guess is that in and hearing that
now you understand why I said I think
that the other comment was that, you know,
those who have formed a relationship with
the Iowa who love his name and who
are the children of Hanukkah are.
God wants to have them attend to the
needs that he has so we get this
done, supported.
And I said, and you're right, Kevin,
that supporting and working with the Yahowah
and supporting and work with the Nakar
area are this very little distinction
other than one's perspective.
And this passage pretty much seals it for
me because God's speaking in first person
and he doesn't refer to himself as him.
So we've got to keep that in mind.
So God says, Yahowah,
which is actually at this point,
this is Yashayah speaking on behalf of
Yahowah.
So Yahowah,
my upright one and foundation who gathers
and assembles yet again.
So Yahowah has gathered his people together
previously.
They brought them back from Babylon.
Brought them back from Mitzrayim.
So first he brought them back from
Mitzrayim.
He brought them back from Babylon.
He brought some of them back after the
Holocaust and World War II into Israel.
If this is Taruwah-centric,
then he's done so again in Shabuwah.
Because this would be post-Shabuwah.
So he had...
But yes,
he is bringing and gathering and
assembling his family on Shabuwah.
And he is preparing his kids for the
family reunion on Taruwah.
And then he is celebrating the family
reunion.
on Kipurym,
so that we can all enter Sukah on
the Shabbat to celebrate the family
reunion, right?
And camp out together as a family.
So Yahowah,
who is gathering and assembling yet again,
yet again, yet again, yet again,
yet again, yet again.
Yes, the scattered of Yisrael.
But I think what he is saying here
is that,
if we were just to get to the
crux of it, is that on...
Taruwah, God's going to bring,
and he's got many prophecies regarding
this.
He's going to confess the world and those
spiritual chariots, if you will,
spiritual conveyance devices.
And everyone that has the potential to
benefit from the sacrifice of the Adamah
Purah and be purged of the religiosity and
be tested worthy of entering the garden
for this thousand year opportunity.
that he's going to bring those who have
been scattered around the world of Yisrael
into Jerusalem,
into around the Temple Mount.
And so I think that is the primary
one of these.
But you know, every time God speaks,
there's many layers to it.
And all of the things that you've said
are potentially true.
But I think it's more specifically what he
is doing on the evening of Taruwah.
And this is God saying and announcing in
advance of it occurring.
And I will attain and bring together and
assemble before him those collected and
obtained by him.
So that is saying that God is going
to bring the night of Taruwah,
which is September,
the twenty-third of twenty-thirty-three.
That evening,
he's bringing before the Adam of Parah,
this Nakar.
all of the qualified individuals of Israel
who can be spared from around the world.
And they're there,
so they're purged by the benefit of the
sacrifice.
So he's obtaining them for him so that
they are there to benefit from the
sacrifice.
I think this is very different than what
Yahowah did for his beloved son on Pesach.
He didn't gather the remnant of Israel at
that time because he wasn't ready for them
and they weren't ready for him.
And there was no, there wouldn't,
you know,
so Dowd suffered Pesach alone and wouldn't
have even mattered because he had to
fulfill Matsah alone.
And he became the firstborn of firstborn
children.
The rest of the children would come later.
Yeah.
But now as we have passed Shabuwah and
the covenant family has been brought to
Shamaym and we're returned for this in
preparation for this.
God is saying that this is now the
opportunity to come clean and it would be
useless for the sacrifice of the animal to
take place without Yisrael being gathered
all around for a number of reasons.
One is the specific way this works.
You know,
Dowd as Passover lamb opened the doorway
to life by fulfilling Pesach,
by capitalizing what he did.
You don't have to be there.
You don't have to go with him into
Sheowl to benefit from him removing our
guilt.
Lucky for us.
On Taruwah,
if you're gonna benefit from it,
you gotta be there because it is fulfilled
consistent with Numbers,
and particularly Numbers .
And so it's the ash and the water
that purge the remnant of Israel of their
religiosity.
So they're prepared for Dowd's return.
So you have to be there for that.
There's no way to benefit without being
there.
And so God's saying,
and this time I'm bringing the audience.
So the sacrifice isn't for naught.
And we're in a different time period than
with Dowd.
He fulfilled Pesach, Matsah and Bikuwrym,
and your thirty three CE,
which is your four thousand.
Yeah, you still have two thousand years.
Now, in this case, you've got ten days.
You're right.
There really ought to be there.
Right.
So he is bringing them in for the
occasion because.
This is going to happen immediately.
And we don't have time for a redo.
We don't have time to, well,
fumble around and we'll think about it
later.
So this is the day that personally I've
longed for the most to witness.
And what we're going to have on this
day also is that those who we have
gathered unto Yahowah and into the covenant
family are all going to be assembled
before us.
And we're going to get to see Yahowah's
expression.
Whether it's on this day or ten days
thereafter on Yom Kipurym,
we're going to see Yahowah's expression as
he greets every new addition to his
growing family.
It's going to be really cool, isn't it?
Yeah,
can you imagine with every person that has
benefited from this and Yahowah's going to
have a moment with them and
We're all going to be there to witness
it.
We can all say, Hey, that's really cool.
Yeah.
Uh,
there's nothing better than knowing that
you did something that makes another life
eternal and wonderful and pleases God.
Yeah.
Pleases the King.
That's a life well lived.
So while this is going to occur and
be marvelous to witness,
there is another way to interpret this
same prophecy because Yahowah will,
during the evening of Taruwah,
as I've mentioned,
gather every eligible Yisraelite on earth
and bring them to Jerusalem so that they
might benefit from the sacrifice of the
Adam of Parah.
And that being the case,
God is sharing credit by revealing that
his Nakar and team Yah, the Shurish,
will have made a contribution towards this
in-gathering through their witness.
And this is because they will have spoken
of this event several thousands of times
by this point.
And all the while,
until this day is over,
and Yahowah sends the worst of men into
Sheowl and incarcerates the rest of the
rubbish,
incinerates the rest of the rubbish,
I should say, at the conclusion of Taruwah,
well,
there will still be some beasts that
remain to be dealt with until the very
end of this day.
They're going to be fixated as they are
and have been on terminating life,
especially within the foliage of God's
designated tree.
Every beast and animal of the country and
particularly these open environments,
the broad and popular way,
you will choose to come to devour and
destroy every living thing.
the thicket and in the foliage of that
tree Isaiah fifty six nine well they're
gonna be some beasts uh ha-Satan's gonna be
there his um stooge is going to be
there we wonder if they'll have his uh
his Israeli-based cabinet um as Donald
trump relocates from Washington dc to
Jerusalem that'll happen in and here in
we're going to have our showdown
and he will have a contingent.
There will be MAGAs ameni and Muslims
ameni that are going to be doing
everything they can to devour and destroy
every living thing.
One of the things that became obvious to
me as I read the Quran and studied
it and wrote these many books regarding
the Quran is that Allah hates people.
He even hates Muslims.
He hates everybody.
He hates women.
Even he hated Muhammad.
And so Islam is essentially genocidal
because Allah wants everybody to die.
The answer is really clear.
There's only two types of Muslims.
those who have died, killing for Allah,
and those who will die, killing for Allah.
And so he's hanging out this fanciful
bargain of where if you kill for him
and die,
you get multiple virgins in paradise,
which is
I mean, it would only fool a fool,
but he's playing to fools.
But all he wants you to do is
kill for him.
And the first year of the Islamic era,
the first day, first month,
first week of the Islamic era is the
Pledge of Aqaba.
We pledge to wage war against all mankind.
So it is a death cult because the
purpose is to kill.
The prophets depict Donald Trump as being
a man who claims to come in peace,
who will be exceedingly warlike and
destructive.
And that's what we're witnessing.
And that's what's going to happen to the
very end.
And there's going to be World War and
lots of people are going to die.
And the Muslims and the Marxists and the
Magas that converge on Israel at this time
are going to be ruthless.
And they will have as their primary object
of disdain this tree of knowledge that has
spoken up so strongly against them.
I will have slightly more followers
probably than I have on X currently,
but I know these people because they come
out of the woodwork to advance racism and
antisemitism and all manner of stupidisms.
So this is a warning.
This will be the last hurrah of evil.
So this,
the conclusion of what will be the
deadliest episode in human history will
transition this day to the most glorious
celebration of life.
It's going to be a wonderful time.
And for that to occur,
Satan and his minions must be throttled.
And at this point,
at least before the comprehensive purge of
religion and politics,
there will still be billions in league
with the adversary,
and far too many will remain ensnared by
religion, confused by conspiracy,
misguided by politics.
And leading the parade to Sheowl will be
a cast of characters so appalling to God
that he will devote much of the next
chapter
to their repudiation.
And what we're going to find is that
while there are men and women who have
been lured into this,
ninety percent of the text is feminine
singular.
One exceedingly evil woman.
And Yahowah introduces this exceedingly
evil woman as a anon, demonic,
a sorceress.
And that means to be a non,
by the way,
means that you are telling everyone that
you're not demon possessed.
You're doing everything you can to deny
your deal with the devil.
Just as Donald Trump will to the very
end when he'll finally admit it,
but he'll call the devil God.
Satan never wants to be known as the
devil.
He never wants to be presented as a
demon.
He always wants to come across as if
he were God.
And so the mother goddess cult rallies
around a mother goddess.
And according to God,
she's demon possessed.
He calls her Anon.
And then he goes on to say that
she is Zonah.
Sometimes it's pronounced Zanah.
Zonah is the more common Hebrew
pronunciation now.
The older version would be Zanah.
Same three letters.
It means she's a whore.
She's feigning affection for influence,
for rewards of various kinds.
And this woman is the subject of
everything God has to say over and over
and over and over and over again.
I've never experienced anything like this
ever.
And we're getting close to that.
But when we finish...
the fifty-sixth chapter,
which is just marvelous introduction
because it sets the stage for all of
this and the timing.
We go to what I was trying to
get at,
which is that the Shabuwah harvest is of
souls who literally disappear.
Their bodies disappear,
their souls are gathered up to God in
conjunction with the harvest,
and the world is clueless as to where
they have gone.
And it describes where we go and what
we find once we get there and how
people will respond to this.
But then as it transitions into a group
of people led by a woman who is
demonic and who is whorish, prostitute,
it says that this woman is going to
be agonizing over why she wasn't included.
And
Therefore,
what it tells us is that there's only
one woman that's going to be in that,
well, she and her contingency,
but there's only one person who is going
to actually know what Shabuwah represented.
It says specifically that she and her elk
were left behind.
And it's the one person who's going to
be agonizing over why.
Why were we left behind?
This was supposed to be ours.
It defines them as a singular group.
And everything God says thereafter is
obvious that it's depicted in the singular
group.
And what I was so surprised to see
is that from my view as I survey
what they have done,
and it's irritating to see them pass
themselves off as me and copy everything
that I've taught them and even my style
of translating.
and my transliterations and all that sort
of thing,
and even logos and you name it.
I mean, every way they could copy me,
they have copied me trying to pass
themselves off as me.
The only way they can draw attention is
to hashtag my name.
And when they hashtag my name,
their purpose is to condemn me,
to deny everything that God has said and
to disparage yada yada.
And so God's not the least bit happy
about that.
He is stunningly disgusted and angry and
after rebuking them,
dispatches them to hell and then rebukes
them some more.
So it's quite the trip we're going to
take as we move through this.
So I'll just read this one last statement
because it brings us to a really an
interesting conclusion.
And then we'll pick this up tomorrow.
It says,
those who are watchmen assigned to be
lookouts, they're blind.
All of them are ignorant and opposed to
Yada.
without understanding, without revelation.
They're unaware,
unable to teach and thus clueless.
They are universally contemptible,
rife with emotion, akin to dumb dogs,
incapable of intelligent speech.
They're without the capacity to understand
or the ability to prevail.
And they will not succeed as they are
utterly incompetent and unable to even
bark.
panting while dreaming and hallucinating,
lying around smitten with their inactivity
and their lack of awareness.
Fifty-six ten.
And so those overly emotional whores and
malcontents have an intensely fierce soul,
stubbornly self-willed,
And they will never acknowledge that they
have gone too far,
never admitting that they are gluttonous
and unrestrained, as they are insatiable,
never satisfied.
Those who are acting as if they were
shepherds, clamoring for authorization,
as if they were leaders and feeding the
flock, are not yada.
because they are ignorant and irrational,
devoid of understanding,
neither perceiving nor comprehending,
and thus lacking the capacity to make
intelligent connections.
All of them have turned to their own
way,
every person after their own ill-gotten
gain and dishonest advantage,
acting like a bunch of thieves without
exception or restraint.
And to the very end, even,
to their demise, Isaiah, five, six,
eleven.
I don't suppose you'd wanna trade that
group for the group that we're in.
Pardon me.
I like the group we're in.
Yeah, I'm good.
I'm good.
I'm planting.
Yeah.
That's rough language there.
Yes, sir.
God's saying that you should have known
better.
And you're acting as if you you're making
a contribution,
but you're not making a contribution to me
or mine.
You're working for yourselves and you're
out of your mind.
So this isn't a generic claim here.
This is saying those who claim that,
you know, they're watchmen,
that they're shepherds,
that they're feeding and nurturing the,
uh, the sheep, um,
that they are observant, Shamar Torah.
They're blind.
And they are.
All of them, he says,
not some of them, all of them,
they're ignorant.
Boy, you read what they write.
I mean,
every time they have written anything,
anything,
you go and actually look at what God
said and it condemns them specifically.
Everything they say is destroyed by their
own citations.
You have to be kind of had the
truth in your hands for years.
I mean,
like some of these people were around for
years to have the truth in your hand
that long and then to throw it away.
Right.
And that's why God's so pissed.
I mean,
God is really indignant at them because
they had the truth in their hands and
they did worse than throw it away.
They're trying to destroy it for everybody
else.
Yeah.
And from God's point of view,
there's nothing you could do that's worse
than that.
And so this is the first opening salvo
against them.
And this is mild compared to what he
has to say next.
So we're over two hours on this program.
That's probably all we should push
everybody's indulgence for.
Kevin, you've now done, what, four,
almost five hours with me today.
Wow.
There are marriages that don't last that
long, pal.
Yeah,
there's marriages that don't last that
long.
Almost like a real radio guy, yeah.
We are.
We are in it, man.
uh there is uh we're in it to
win it as they uh as they say
and uh kirk you know this is twice
in the same weekend uh and I know
that uh this is uh it's a lot
of energy in the in the present
circumstances so that's right Sylvia yeah
man I’d love to see your smile and
the fact that you're uh you're making it
through this and as Kevin said earlier
that through it all your primary objective
is to get back at it
Well, yeah, I really do.
I feel lousy because I'm so tired.
Yeah.
Then I'll get it over.
Yeah, I've been there too.
Sometimes my brain really withered.
But for the most part, let's go.
Let's do this again.
I mean,
if you look at the progress in this,
you know, a blog as we, you know,
Facebook will send you a feed.
This is what you were a year ago.
You look at it and say, oh,
we've come a long way.
It's been good.
And, you know, JB,
we you consider what we were saying and
doing and how we were working on the
radio.
Oh, my goodness.
All those years ago.
And consider that to the level of this
and what we're what we've learned
subsequently and in a position to share.
Oh, yeah,
this is vastly superior to blog talk
radio.
Vastly.
If only we had bailed on blog talk
radio sooner rather than later.
But, you know,
I liked it because it was just so
much easier to to do.
But you had no idea how much more
fun and effective this is.
And the opportunity of this is just so
much greater.
It's just that the the wherewithal to do
this well.
is so much more difficult so you you
need to have a uh you need to
have a Kevin uh you need to have
a rich and without a Kevin and a
rich and a whole lot of equipment and
a whole lot of know-how uh you you
can't do this and so it was really
wonderful when I would just said uh all
right um the marginal utility of one more
book is not going to get it done
but I'll tell you what um
Now is the time to speak to my
people.
And what I didn't really recognize is all
the way through this point,
I love the written word.
In fact,
you probably all know that if somebody
sent me a video, I said,
could you just summarize it?
I can read what you have to say
in a fraction of the time that the
video and videos are impossible because
they're difficult to verify.
We've solved that because we actually put
the text up in our videos,
but videos are difficult to verify.
And now here we are doing them.
So, you know,
it was quite a reversal when you always
said,
this is what I want you to do.
But the difference was that
Everyone should know that if you're trying
to motivate people to listen to you,
to pay attention,
that's why God says Shama even more than
he says Shamar, listen.
Listening is a much more powerful form of
communication, much more motivation.
And so between the visual images here and
the audio,
this is actually a more effective means
of reaching God's people than another
book.
The books are
are essential if you want to grow in
your understanding but this is the best
way to reach people and it's what people
now prefer but there is something that has
happened in the last few years that
changes the the one dynamic where the
written word was always superior to the
spoken word but that's no longer the case
which is that the written word was
enduring god said I want you to write
this now because the written word is
enduring it doesn't change
but the spoken word is now enduring.
Anything we say in one of these live
streams is forever.
It is recorded.
It is available.
You might as well have written it in
stone when you've spoken it on a program
like this,
particularly one that is live streamed to
about twelve different platforms.
So now there's the integrity and endurance
of the spoken word
with the power of the spoken word together
and all backed up by the written word.
You know, the other upside is,
especially for me,
is I love to sit down and read,
but with work, keeping up with the house,
you know, car maintenance,
everything else I got to do,
I don't have time to sit down and
read a lot,
but I can listen to stuff while I'm
working, while I'm driving.
Yes.
Yeah, that for me has been nice.
Yeah.
And one of the beauties of this program,
not only can you listen while you're
working, while you're driving,
you don't have to pick it up all
of it all the time.
You can play the same program back.
I've listened to several programs many
times.
And every time you listen, you say, oh,
yeah, that was really good.
Yeah.
OK.
That's an important point.
It's why God tells us the same story
over and over again,
is that that's how you that's how we
learn.
So the ability to repeat it most evenings.
I will play these programs that we have
done and I will listen to them.
And that's something that I can tell you,
when I did the radio and TV previously
for, what was it, fifteen years,
I never could.
I could never listen to my own voice
or the program.
I was always bothered by all of the
flaws.
this is different um the sincerity of this
the way it's uh it comes across I
can listen to these programs and I’m
actually pleased with what we're achieving
um I like these this format that we
have and I can you can tell that
this is something that god is behind and
that he wants this done and it's being
done his way and it's it's absolutely
working uh and
Well, another example would be, well,
since we are opposed to Christianity and
Islam and Judaism,
we're opposed to conspiracies,
we're opposed to both left and right wing
politics, Magas and Marxists,
that would mean that we don't have much
of an audience.
We're opposed to racism,
we're opposed to anti-Antisemitism.
Those things would collectively,
that narrows the audience to about five
percent of the human race, if that.
And then we're opposed to dumbing it down.
We're saying you're either going to think
this through or you're not worth even
talking to.
So we're telling everybody who's religious
and political to go away,
the conspiratorial to go away,
who's racist and anti-Semitic to go away.
And if you just want to be lazy
and dumb, you need to go away, too.
So that leaves you with about one percent
of humanity.
one a million yeah and so when you
realize that we're never going to have uh
a lot of subscribers or followers but what
we do have is uh a lot of
listens the uh not only the number of
people but the the hours and hours
thousands upon thousands of hours of
people listening to this and benefiting
from it that part is really extraordinary
and
So we know we're teaching and reinforcing
Yahowah's family and we're reaching other
people and that we're leaving a legacy
behind.
And I'm convinced that this is the primary
way that we're going to educate and teach
and help the remnant who become part of
Sukah going forward.
so they can live anywhere around the
world.
And we teach them in this manner.
It's a very effective way,
particularly when you have the audio
reinforcing the written word of the books.
And it's funny,
you mentioned repetition way back in the
day when I first found Yada Yada,
you had an audio book version of it.
And at that time,
I was a delivery driver.
I worked in a pizza restaurant,
so I was in my car all the
time.
I had downloaded those and I listened to
them over
I mean,
I've probably listened to them a hundred
times in the first year just because,
yeah, yeah.
My mind would start going off and thinking
about something and then I'd miss
something.
So the next time I catch something new
and that's good.
Yeah,
it's and it is the way we we
transfer information from short term to
long term memory.
And the advantage of you hearing
something,
but you don't possess it is pretty
minimal.
But once it's in your long-term memory and
you can access it,
then you're empowered by it.
And it literally becomes part of you.
It's when God writes his Torah inside of
us, his teaching in gardens,
it's going to be part of the fabric
of our lives.
And so that's the advantage of repeating
is it goes from short-term memory to
long-term memory and you own it.
Here, most of us, yourself excluded, JB,
we're
We're senior citizens,
or they would say seasoned citizens.
And yet the mind is exceedingly elastic
with all of these files that God has
managed to store in our minds so that
they're accessible and we can make the
connections needed to advance
understanding.
All right, Rich,
it seems like you have a very happy
puppy in your lap that's enjoying the last
vestiges of this program.
But we are at two and a half
hours.
I'm going to say good night.
We'll be back at it tomorrow.
Love to be dealing with what is
communicated by Yahowah through the great
prophet Yashayah.
And we will continue with this message
tomorrow.
Thank you all, gentlemen,
for participating.